README.md, before:

# [refinery-developer-vis-tool](https://hub.docker.com/r/scottx611x/refinery-developer-vis-tool/) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/refinery-platform/refinery-developer-vis-tool.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/refinery-platform/refinery-developer-vis-tool)
A basic Refinery-compatible visualization tool to aid prospective Refinery VisualizationTool developers.

This docker image runs simple webserver using python and expects one to populate `/usr/src/app` with a valid JSON file called: `input.json`. 
This is done by providing a url to the container that points to valid JSON. 
  - See [build_run_test.sh](https://github.com/scottx611x/refinery-developer-vis-tool/blob/master/build_run_test.sh#L11) for an example.
  
Whatever information is inside of `/usr/src/app/input.json` is displayed in a webpage like so:

<img width="1130" alt="screen shot 2017-10-17 at 4 21 19 pm" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5629547/31687440-450d943e-b357-11e7-9ba3-3d7500cf8f37.png">

🐳 `docker pull scottx611x/refinery-developer-vis-tool`

## Running the conatiner
See [build_run_test.sh](https://github.com/scottx611x/refinery-developer-vis-tool/blob/master/build_run_test.sh) for an idea of how to properly run this container.

## Running tests
- `pip install -r requirements.txt`
- `./build_run_test.sh`

Some ouput data should be displayed with your test results as well as where to access your running container:
```
test_home_page (__main__.ContainerTest) ... ok
test_input_data_exists (__main__.ContainerTest) ... ok

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Ran 2 tests in 0.153s

OK
browse:   http://localhost:32787/
clean up: docker ps -qa | xargs docker stop | xargs docker rm
PASS!
```

Commit message:

Rewrite of the home page. This is more subjective, so we could branch from the commit before this, if you would prefer.

README.md, after:

# refinery-developer-vis-tool
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/refinery-platform/refinery-developer-vis-tool.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/refinery-platform/refinery-developer-vis-tool)
[🐳 `docker pull scottx611x/refinery-developer-vis-tool`](https://hub.docker.com/r/scottx611x/refinery-developer-vis-tool/)

A demonstration of the different ways inputs can be provided in a 
Refinery visualization tool, and, potentially, a starting point 
for other simple tools.

[build_run_test.sh](https://github.com/scottx611x/refinery-developer-vis-tool/blob/master/build_run_test.sh)
encapsulates the whole process of building and deploying a visualization tool. 
- In a real application, the tool image would already be built and would be available on DockerHub,
- and, in a real application, django_docker_engine or some other API would be used to start
the containers, rather than just using the Docker CLI.

## Running tests
```
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
$ ./build_run_test.sh`
...

OK
browse:   http://localhost:32787/
clean up: docker ps -qa | xargs docker stop | xargs docker rm
PASS!
```

At the end, you can hit the server it spun up for a manual check.
It should show JSON from three different sources.

## Release
Successful Github tags and PRs will prompt Travis to push the built image to
Dockerhub. For a new version number:
```
git tag v0.0.x && git push origin --tags
```
